---
title: Small Fixes ~ Patch v0.0.5
author: SDS
date: 2023-01-31 12:00:00 +0800
categories: [Patch Notes]
tags: [update, v0.0.5]
---

## Introduction:

Good to see you all again! Today's update contains additions, fixes, and changes that should improve your gameplay and create a more fun environment!

## Changelog:

- A TON OF OPTIMIZATION

> We are working incredibly hard to make the game run smoother for all users to make the game more accessible. We worked incredibly hard over the past week and a half to optimize every bit of the game that we could. We are hoping this makes a noticeable improvement!
{: .prompt-info }

- New Settings Menu (still in the works)
- New Audio Settings that save between games

> Currently, the settings menu only has options for adjusting audio, however, in a future update, Graphics, Gameplay, and Controls, will all be implemented into the game. Graphics settings will most likely only be available on the PCVR version of the game but we are hoping to implement something similar on the native Oculus Quest version as well. Stay tuned!
{: .prompt-info }

- Lighting improvements to make the game look better
- A slightly reworked win sequence (will be slightly altered in a future update)
- Fixed the "Shake The Flashlight" tooltip not appearing sometimes when the flashlight battery hit 0%
- Did we mention OPTIMIZATION????

## Conclusion:

But seriously, thank you so much for all the support. We just hit over 5,000 downloads of the demo on steam. We are incredibly excited to bring you more content in the coming future!

Sincerely,
Sleepy Dog Studios
[www.sleepydogstudios.net](https://www.sleepydogstudios.net)

[sleepydogstudiosvr@gmail.com](mailto:sleepydogstudiosvr@gmail.com)

Please report any bugs you find to our Twitter account [@SleepyDogDevs](https://twitter.com/sleepydogdevs). Thank you for playing!